fix(Accordion): deprecate (rename) expandBehaviour in favor of expandBehavior (#3905)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/about-the-lib/releases/eufemia/v12-info.mdx

---
draft: true
---

# v12

- [v12](#v12)
  - [Migration](#migration)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Component changes](#component-changes)
    - [Accordion](#accordion)

## Migration

> v11 of @dnb/eufemia contains _breaking changes_. As a migration process, you can simply search and replace:

Author: ```suggestion
v112of @dnb/eufemia contains _breaking changes_. As a migration process, you can simply search and replace:
```

> v112of @dnb/eufemia contains _breaking changes_. As a migration process, you can simply search and replace:

Author: ```suggestion
v12 of @dnb/eufemia contains _breaking changes_. As a migration process, you can simply search and replace:
```
